Add Kotlin code examples for writing tests topics (#5853)
junit-team/junit-framework: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/writing-tests/parallel-execution.adoc

strategy with a factor of `1`. Consequently, the desired parallelism will be equal to the
number of available processors/cores.

.Parallelism alone does not imply the maximum number of concurrent threads
NOTE: By default, JUnit Jupiter does not guarantee that the number of threads used to

> execute a test will not exceed the configured parallelism. For example, when using one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execute tests will not exceed the configured parallelism. For example, when using one
```

Can't be singular, a test can be execute by at most one thread.
